##Reflection
I met some problems when I try to design my website. The first difficulty comes with me was to use JavaScript. It is so hard and complex for me who don’t have much prior knowledge of JS. Another challenge I met was the windows effect of the “dislike” function, the logic and format of code is what bothers me most. Sometimes it is easy to construct a simple fading in window effect but when I want to design a smarter one which has a different light and shade compared to the background, it is another thing. Also under my anticipation of my website, I ‘d like to make a loader effect when user load to the homepage. However, the results always came out in an undesired way. I looked up many learning materials and got suggestions from my friends to help me as a reference to improve my design. The last constraint is the limited time. The heavy load and upcoming due days make contraction on my time schedule and as a result, I still have some work unfinished. Because I know the part of introducing photography knowledge is very important, I would like to add more contents in the learning space part.
I learned a lot from this project. The primary one was that I got a broader horizon of the website design and multimedia models by looking at many websites. I paid more attention to the assessment design after the midterm project and this change gave me to focus on the feedback and interaction. By designing this website, I was more satisfied because I have clearer idea of the website’s target audience and I designed some new creative functions such as “dislike” and “support” function on photos. The most important thing that I learned from this project is that I am just a freshman in designing website. There are so many things to learn by myself, especially JavaScript. I found that I have great interest in designing the website and coding, all the work is complex and hard but they have the magic power to make me think and explore. In the future, I am going to learn more about the basic and advanced structure of the website and applied all the knowledge I learned to it. I am convinced that I will construct a better and more attractive website for education.
